## How to Run Our Program

### Running a File

In order to run the A\* algorithm on a specific board input of the puzzle, we can encode the board input in a file. 

The layout of the file must be like: <br />
```
3 
1 3 4 
2 5 6
8 7 0
```

The first line is the width of the board. The following files are the board input, with the 0 encoding the empty space. 

Then, you can type the following into the command line:
```
make
./run -t numThreads -b bucketMultiplier -f filename 
```

- _numThreads_: The number of threads working on the algorithm. If the flag is omitted, the sequential implementation is ran. An input 
    greater than 0 runs the parallel version. 
- _bucketMultiplier_: If running the parallel version, the program will allot _bucketMultiplier_ number of priority
    queues per thread. The default value is 1. 
- _filename_: The full name of your file. We have sample files you can use in the _tests_ folder. 


Examples: 
```
make
./run -t 16 -b 128 -f tests/med1.txt
```
This will run the parallel version on tests/med1.txt with 16 threads, each thread getting an average 128 priority queues. 
```
make
./run -f tests/med1.txt
```
This will run the sequential version on tests/med1.txt. 

### Randomized Input

We can also run the algorithm on a randomized input, generated by the program. 

You can type the following into the command line:
```
make
./run -t numThreads -b bucketMultiplier -m moves -s size
```

- _numThreads_: The number of threads working on the algorithm. If the flag is omitted, the sequential implementation is ran. An input 
    greater than 0 runs the parallel version.
- _bucketMultiplier_: If running the parallel version, the program will allot _bucketMultiplier_ number of priority
    queues per thread. The default value is 1. 
- _moves_: The system will begin with the goal board and perform _m_ randomly generated moves. A greater _m_ signifies a more randomized board. 
- _size_: The width of the board. The default value is 3. 

An example: 
```
make
./run -t 16 -b 1 -m 200 -s 4
```
This will run after performing 200 randomly generated moves on the goal board, with width 4. It will support 16 threads, each with one priority queue. 
